docs/src/background/sf.md, before:

# Simple Features
Simple Features (SF) are OGC standards describing two dimensional geographic features, such as Points and Polygons and the relations between them.
The standards describe a hierarchy of types (Part 1), an interface with SQL (Part II) and an SQL/MM extension with support for circular geometry.

## Type hierarchy
All types used here come from the SF. We added `Trait` to all geometry types here to distinguish them from actual geometry structs.

![SF Type hierarchy. From the Simple Feature standard by OGC.](types.png)
`The SF Type hierarchy. From OpenGIS® Implementation Standard for Geographic information - Simple feature access - Part 1: Common architecture at http://www.opengis.net/doc/is/sfa/1.2.1.`

## Changes with respect to SF
While we try to adhere to SF, there are changes and extensions to make it more Julian.

### Function names
All function names are without the `ST_` prefix and are lowercased. In some cases the names have changed as well, to be inline with common Julia functions. `NumX` becomes `nx` and `Xn` becomes `getX`:
```julia
GeometryType -> geomtype
NumGeometries -> ngeom
GeometryN -> getgeom
NumPatches -> npatch
# etc
```

We generalized [`ngeom`](@ref) and [`getgeom`](@ref) to apply to 
all geometries, not just a [`AbstractGeometryCollectionTrait`](@ref)s.

We also simplified the dimension functions. From the three original (`dimension`, `coordinateDimension`, `spatialDimension`) there's now only the coordinate dimension, so not to overlap with the Julia `ndims`.
```julia
coordinateDimension -> ncoords  # x, y, z, m
```

We've generalized the some functions:
```julia
SRID -> crs
envelope -> extent
```

And added a helper method to clarify the naming of coordinates.
```julia
coordnames = (:X, :Y, :Z, :M)
```

### Coverage
Not all SF functions are implemented, either as a possibly slower fallback or empty descriptor or not at all. The following SF functions are not (yet) available.

```julia
dimension
spatialDimension
asText
asBinary

locateAlong
locateBetween
```

## History
The previous pre-1.0 releases of GeoInterface.jl were smaller in scope, aligned to geointerface in Python [^sgillies]
which builds on GeoJSON [^geojson]. It provided abstract types and expected other geometries to be implemented as a subtype.
Recent Julia developments have shown that subtyping is difficult--you can only choose one supertype--and many packages moved to trait-based interfaces. Tables.jl is an excellent example.

[^sgillies]: https://gist.github.com/sgillies/2217756
[^geojson]: https://geojson.org/

Commit message:

Added iterators. Added feature interface. Updated documentation based on review.

docs/src/background/sf.md, after:

# Simple Features
Simple Features ([SF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Features)) are OGC standards describing two dimensional geographic features, such as Points and Polygons and the relations between them.
The standards describe a hierarchy of types (Part 1), a functional interface with SQL (Part II) and an SQL/MM extension with support for circular geometry types, such as `Circularstring`.

## Type hierarchy
All types used here come from the SF. We added `Trait` to all geometry types here to distinguish them from actual geometry structs.

![SF Type hierarchy. From the Simple Feature standard by OGC.](types.png)
`The SF Type hierarchy. From OpenGIS® Implementation Standard for Geographic information - Simple feature access - Part 1: Common architecture at http://www.opengis.net/doc/is/sfa/1.2.1.`

## Changes with respect to SF
While we try to adhere to SF, there are changes and extensions to make it more Julian.

### Function names
All function names are without the `ST_` prefix and are lowercased. In some cases the names have changed as well, to be inline with common Julia functions. `NumX` becomes `nx` and `geomN` becomes `getgeom`:
```julia
GeometryType -> geomtype
NumGeometries -> ngeom
GeometryN -> getgeom
NumPatches -> npatch
# etc
```

We generalized [`ngeom`](@ref) and [`getgeom`](@ref) to apply to 
all geometries, not just a [`AbstractGeometryCollectionTrait`](@ref)s.

We also simplified the dimension functions. From the three original (`dimension`, `coordinateDimension`, `spatialDimension`) there's now only the coordinate dimension, by using `ncoords`, which represent coordinate dimensions like `X`, `Y`, `Z` and `M`. Topological dimensions (a point is 0-dimensional), and the functions related to it, are not used in this interface to prevent confusion. Similarly, we do not overload the Julia `ndims`, to prevent confusion and possible conflict with custom vector based geometries.

```julia
coordinateDimension -> ncoords  # x, y, z, m
dimension -> unused
spatialDimension -> unused
```

We've generalized the naming of some functions:
```julia
SRID -> crs
envelope -> extent  # also aliased to bbox
```

And added a helper method to clarify the naming of coordinates.
```julia
coordnames = (:X, :Y, :Z, :M)
```

### Coverage
Not all SF functions are implemented, either as a possibly slower fallback or empty descriptor or not at all. The following SF functions are not (yet) available.

```julia
dimension  # topological dimensions
spatialDimension


locateAlong
locateBetween
```

## History
The previous pre-1.0 releases of GeoInterface.jl were smaller in scope, aligned to geointerface in Python [^sgillies]
which builds on GeoJSON [^geojson]. It provided abstract types and expected other geometries to be implemented as a subtype.
Recent Julia developments have shown that subtyping is difficult--you can only choose one supertype--and many packages moved to trait-based interfaces. Tables.jl is an excellent example.

[^sgillies]: https://gist.github.com/sgillies/2217756
[^geojson]: https://geojson.org/
